oh man I see now why doctors just quit
and like let the patient go we take the
fruits of why would you eat that and
feed it to people all over the
Internet's everyone is going to hate us
why would you eat that looks like
someone could use some coffee
oh thanks well actually these are both
for me but we did get that five-pound
bag of coffee in the mail yeah but
that's death wish this wrong is no
coffee in the natural world how strong
is it that's not a setup for a joke if
you took 16 ounces of say Starbucks
coffee
it would have 330 milligrams of caffeine
in it the same amount of death wish
would have 660 milligrams of caffeine
that's like drinking two cups of coffee
at once so the question is is death with
gonna give us the calf Ange it is or is
it just gonna wake us up make us focused
professional I can think of only one way
to test this caffeine operation I was
gonna say set up a control group and
maybe like a blind whatever we're not
scientists or are we no see that's why
we're not scientists because you can't
just say or are we after something and
make it true
or can I hi i'm howard kramer AKA dragon
boy swag you can find my new album
douche minutiae on itunes and my website
howard kramer calm i'm Adam
cayton-holland and I have a new show on
Amazon called those who can't you can
watch it on Amazon Instant watch for the
next month go for it I saw have an album
coming out called I don't know if I
happy on iTunes and on my website
Adam is freaking out right now calm
- yes - coffee mm-hmm top y'all thank
you sir you feeling anything yet I'm
alert but nothing crazy kind of waiting
for a caffeine to kick in I would take
Nicki Minaj's heart I'm not gonna really
care about the bacterial amount I'm just
gonna limp this giant turtle operator I
threw my back out holding a t-shirt
brave feet solid feet
it tastes like normal coffee but I'm
starting to fly a little bit it's so
good is it weird that I want to lose my
more more Grape Ape
[Music]
this is the most awake I've been in
about three weeks yeah I'm feeling it
I'm a little shaky I could somehow
remains pulsating in my hand I'm ready
to operate here's our patient Georgia
huh
he looks fine to me she looks happy and
healthy she's smiling she's got a good
energy she looks great I got to tell you
man I'm Way out of my element I don't
know what's wrong with her it might be
she's too sassy
yes she's on the operating table she
does need to be flirting with us you
know how many beautiful babes we see on
this table every day tell this one to
back off tweezers tweezers partner thank
you that rubber band out on the first
one I'll give you $5.00 American yeah
let's do it
[Music]
think technically your spaying her
you're wedging it in there deeper my
hands are shaking for real hello nice
[Music]
[Applause]
get these angel wings away from her
stupid bracelet man I see now why
doctors just quit Howard has five
cayton-holland has four Venus can you do
it Adam thank you sir
we have a tie here so we've decided
we're gonna figure out who the winner is
by who can give the best melodramatic
I'm sorry we lost her speech to Georgia
you guys any more coffee before we go
yeah I'll take off their top knee out
there yeah absolutely
giorgia I'm afraid I have some bad news
for you
you didn't make we tried everything we
could but you didn't survive I'm sorry
oh you're a doctor you're gonna be
alright
I think so you're dead am I not eating
anything she's talking like a crazy
person that's what happens when your
soul leaves your body okay you're an odd
ghost Georgia you're a very odd ghost
yeah the only way I know how to be
melodramatic it's from Spanish
telenovelas though that works okay
disculpa Georgia no se como de serious
Oh pero maurice take no estas viviendo
mas entiendes no hablas español es la
Muerta yo a twist realidad es que te amo
te amo su cuerpo more dito sa todo lo
que podría hacer para no se syria casa
de su maldita toilet heat hasta luego
por siempre okay we had each doctor give
their most melodramatic speech to
torture so sanford georgia to pick the
winner which one of these doctors was
the most melodramatic but neither of
them saved me right yeah but you get
past that and everybody has one this
episode but we want to thank both howard
Kramer and Adam cayton-holland for being
on the why would you eat that challenge
make sure to check out their new albums
by clicking on the links right here I'll
also have the description in the box
below and make sure to follow truly die
on Twitter click like and subscribe and
uh we'll see you next week on the why
would you eat that challenge sorry you
had to die yeah sorry you're dr. Weaver
that's what this is just getting heated
up right now is toast like we like our
commenters salty see why we wouldn't eat
Marmite ever again forget Klondike you
can choco your own dang tacos learn how
on dude food this cradle-robber
ambushes his lady with a gourmet meal
find out if we cooked up a hookup Lucky
Charms check Nutella
check banana sure why not make this
recipe because it's a real serial killer
subscribe for more free tasty treats